welcome to everybody I'm really proud to
be here with our new friend a new friend
of the brand PC and of course also named
Shawn Carter with which we've done an
incredible partnership today it's really
it's the first official launch of this
partnership I want to be always the
first unique and different that people
well in the first round the soccer world
for the American the first one to enter
the basketball world you see that this
partnership is really following this
philosophy is really the first time
Washburn is really priority in the
specific model for the specific things
like this you know don't make by
happenstance
you know we sat in office when we went
to material really went to design and it
took us like four times just because
about were correct that's what you know
as you see with the watchman you know
something that we could be very proud of
it's not just you know so happening into
a thing you put your name on it is copy
and paste sort of thing something that's
really unique to the partnership and it
was done with the highest level of
integrity and in class and uh you know
that's about it is the just the best one
that they ever do because we're really
good at what we do
okay so thank you very much enjoy this
incredible birch this incredible tale
and I think tonight we will have an
incredible concert as well thank you